they they just they're always one step
ahead
in many directions like they have these
ultrasonic fingerprint detectors
but they just can't beat the operating
system apple just has
the ease of use and they're is it still
good
it's still better apple yeah it's still
better yeah it's but it's close
it's close but the other thing that
bothers me about google is google is
constantly tracking you
android phones they're like so let me
see if you're an ad
it's so hard to avoid but they'll know
you better than you know yourself
they know what you will want i'm a big
admirer of what tim cook is doing
what what he's doing to sort of cut them
out from their ability to
constantly track you and and gather your
data
and this battle that's going on between
tim cook and facebook i love it
i love that he's stepping up
yeah and saying hey you can just
advertise you don't have to
gather up people's data and sell it
constantly and then
disingenuously facebook tries to say you
are killing small businesses
with these decisions out of here
the out of here you're not killing
small business we're killing this
one gigantic information gathering
business that's decided
that it's gonna take all of the data
that people didn't know was valuable and
sell it and make
billions of dollars yeah well i
mean
even perhaps arguably worse they're
gonna feed all that data into their
um the ai that they're developing it's
called facebook ai you can follow them
on twitter
um and they're like just let's just feed
all this information to into the ai and
see what to see what it is
yeah who knows what it happened you know
it seems like
i don't know some dystopian outcomes are
possible
yeah well you're terrified of ai right
no well i mean i just think
if it's unchecked no well i think
things that are a danger to the public
should have some kind of public
oversight
yeah so you know like i
you know although sometimes we have our
disagreements i'm
you know in favor of the faa and uh
nitsa you know the various regulatory
agencies
fda and so forth you know i think it's
we're better off having them than not
having them
um um there is a risk
a risk-reward asymmetry in that there
they tend to be
perhaps not not weigh the good as much
as they weigh the bad
um you know yeah because their their
incentive structure is uh
you know they get punished a lot for
approving something but they don't get
punished that much for not approving
stubbing
so that's just in the nature of
government
but nonetheless i think everyone would
would would you know feel safer flying
with the faa than not having an faa
or we feel safer buying food and drugs
having a regulatory agency oversee this
stuff
but we don't have any regulatory agency
overseeing artificial intelligence
right and this i think is our probably
our biggest
existential threat
yeah it's it's seems like hey we should
like have somebody keep an eye on there
yeah